this is the heard hey shag back from the
worldwide leader in sports this is the
heard on ESPN Radio and ESPN radio calm
now here's Colin Cowherd
ah welcoming into the heard on ESPN
radio wherever you may be thanks for
making us part of your day the Los
Angeles Lakers these franchise in the
NBA have picked up another W another
ring more bling good for them I'll tell
you what the first thing I thought of at
11:15 Eastern last night was and I can't
speak for women let me just speak for
guys because that's about all I know
every guy at one point in their life has
had to eat it for a while even though
they were right could be in a
relationship could be in business could
be a sports argument you have to eat it
you have to eat crow for a while and you
know you're right you've always been
right but you take it in the shorts
short term I had a buddy years ago in
SoCal who got married to a Baywatch
model she was a stand-in on Baywatch and
she was smoking hot you've never seen
anything like this in a bikini and you
know he divorced her and said she's a
train wreck I gotta get out of this and
you know for about two years
guys were banging on him you're nuts I
see her on Baywatch he's unbelievable
eighteen months two years later she's
divorced again he's like told you so for
like 18 months he never heard the end of
it sar on Baywatch she looked great
buddies are killing him he says what did
I tell you it's her third she's 27 years
old she's a mess and let's go back to
the shack Cobie separation they'd won
three titles they're going for a fourth
and the Lakers had to choose between
Kobe and Shaq and the Kobe's the Lakers
chose Kobe ownership Jerry Buss chose
Kobe he was younger he was healthier he
was a better practice player he was more
focused he was more driven but Shaq left
won a championship
and verbally abuse the Lakers every
chance he had Kobe's a selfish player
he's a bomb Lakers made a mistake
they've been hearing that for five years
today and by the way it was always the
right move to go with Kobe Shaq's in the
rap videos Kobe's in the basketball Shaq
is unfocused totally Kobe's completely
focused Shaq's falling apart physically
Kobe's now still in his prime for
another two three years it was always
the right move but for four or five
years cuz Shaq loves to talk the Lakers
had to quote eat it Shaq won a title
Shaq's doing his videos Kobe how's my
blank taste you know how Shaq rolls last
night 11:15 the Lakers were vindicated
they always chose the right guy the
younger more focused more ambitious more
driven gym rat he was always the right
choice and we said it at the time but
sometimes in life be it Tom Coughlin be
it the guy who invented McDonald's
people are gonna bang on you when Ray
Kroc first invented McDonald's and
franchising people said you want me to
pay for your name you're crazy well
that's stupid now he is the model of how
to franchise a restaurant he bought it
from the McDonald brothers franchised it
that doesn't mean sometimes you have to
wait for people to catch up to you and
this was one of those the Lakers were
always right Shaq was a 300-pound Center
bad wheels bad practice player unfocused
could gain weight played hard about
twice a week mailed it about three times
a week and Kobe was this driven
ambitious focused kid and last night at
11:15 the Lakers finally proved what
everybody knew they made the right
decision they are now poised to win a
couple more championships and Shaquille
O'Neal is a beaten-up washed-up
vagabond who everybody now Phoenix this
morning is trying to unload his contract
Shaq had the first laugh Kobe gets the
rest of them the Lakers are poised for
championships nobody in the league wants
Shaq's deal nobody the sons want to get
rid of it
the Cavs want it for a year then they'll
get rid of it
90% of this league would take Kobe
tomorrow the Suns are doing everything
they can to bail water so somebody for
at least a year will let them get let go
of Shaquille O'Neal Shaq has become a 20
million-dollar luggage set he has just
become everybody's worst financial
nightmare he got the first laugh Kobe
gets the rest of them so that's what I
thought about last night all you guys
out there I don't care if it's business
sports life relationships that you had
to eat it for a year to you knew you
were right you were absolutely right but
people abused you last night was for you
last night was for all of you